# EC327 Project: Team-Whatever
By: Kristie Gong(kristieg@bu.edu), Victoria Kang(vkang@bu.edu), Manting Yu(mantingy@bu.edu), Jane Yoo(jyoo0823@bu.edu)

# Overview
In this project, we will be creating a unique, easily comprehensive speed typing game that will track how many words the player types correctly and display the player's wpm speed. The player will be able to choose a difficulty level and as they play the typing game, based on the sentences the player types correctly, the animal will move across the screen to a finish line. The goal of the game will be to get the animal to the end as quickly as possible while aiming for a high wpm.

# How to "build" Run George Run
The typing game, "Run George Run", was made by using 3 different languages, Javascript, HTML, and CSS. First, the Javascript was used to make complex functions such as detecting whether the input is correct and changing colors accordingly, making the countdown and game timer to work, making the game over pop up page to appear, etc. For these functions to work, codes such as the if statement and setInterval() functions were used. Next, HTML was used to "outline" the entire website and is the file that we use to compile the CSS and Javascript files. Different elements of the website is coded in the HTML file that will show up on the web page. Also these elements were used inside the functions made in the Javascript file as well. Lastly, CSS was used to style the elements created in the HTML file. The code in the CSS file determine how those elements would look on the web page, including its color, margins, border, padding, etc. 
